Add Limitations (#107)
lxylxy123456/ngshare: docs/user_guide/notes_admin.rst

* Database or storage path has incorrect permission, or disk is full.
* There are too many files (probably more than :math:`10^{18}`) created and
  causes Version 4 UUID collision in ``json_files_unpack()``.

Limitations
-----------

> * ngshare cannot run concurrently, which may be a bottle neck if too many users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ngshare cannot run concurrently, which may be a bottleneck if too many users
```

  are using this service.

> * ngshare stores all uploaded files in a same directory. This may create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ngshare stores all uploaded files in one directory. This may create
```

  performance issues when there are too many files uploaded.

> * Currently there are no control on user uploads (e.g. file size, number of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Currently, there are no limits on user uploads (e.g. file size, number of
```

  files).
* Admin user names cannot contain "," (comma sign).

> * User names are not designed to be changable.

Reviewer 2: What exactly do you mean here? "not designed to be changeable"?

Author: If one user named `jkl` submitted sth, and this user is removed by admin, and another user is created with name `jkl`, then the new user can see what the original user submitted.

Reviewer 2: ok, I see to me this made it sound like you could not change a username, which I believe we can. Maybe we can rephrase it or elaborate.

> * User names are not designed to be changable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* User names are not designed to be interchangeable between students.
```

Maybe something like this.
